What exactly is artificial intelligence? 1
What exactly is artificial intelligence? 2
What exactly is artificial intelligence? 3
We talk about artificial intelligence
when computer systems perform tasks that normally require human intelligence.
This includes, for example, recognizing images, making decisions, or participating in dialogue.
In order to do this, AI systems must be equipped with knowledge and experience.
This can be achieved in two ways.
You can program each individual instruction so that the device solves the task step by step.
Compare this with a cooking recipe or assembly instructions.
Alternatively, you can use software that learns from the data itself.
This allows them to discover relevant information, draw conclusions or make predictions.
This is called machine learning.
We have all probably dealt with artificial intelligence at some point in our lives.
When watching movies, listening to music or shopping online.
AI gives us recommendations about what we might want.
Artificial intelligence is able to convert spoken language into text and translate it into other languages.
Artificial intelligence is a key component of robotics.
Robots make our daily lives easier or take on difficult activities.
Self-driving cars learn about their environment through artificial intelligence and can respond to it.
Artificial intelligence is becoming increasingly important in medicine.
Supports doctors when diagnosing diseases.
More and more patients are also using AI-based applications for initial diagnosis.
In the education sector, AI helps personalize learning activities, for example, on digital learning platforms.
AI is becoming increasingly important.
Once we understand how AI works, we can better see where it can support everyday activities at home and at work.
Where we want to make our own decisions
AI will not replace humans, but it is getting better and better at supporting us.
For this, we need a self-efficacy society.